hi and drop it and us right now
we are in the new congress where we have
presented the sony xperia z 2 that what
we have in front of us and today we go
to do a little review the new sony
xperia z 2 brings some new features
most are an evolution of those of
zeta 1
now we have a bigger screen
specifically 5.2 inches with
ips technology that as we're going to see
right now it offers us some colors
incredible here is very well appreciated as
The colors are bright and very
authentic
besides we turn the phone we go to
discover an angle perspective
excellent that allows us to see the
screen from any angle
talking about other specifications of
hardware we have a qualcomm processor
snapdragon 801 from 4 cores to 2
gigahertz combined with 3 gigabytes of
ram an increase considering that the
xperia z1 brought 2 gigabytes too
let's find a bigger battery
of 3200 milliamps another novelty is the
inclusion of stereo speakers in the
bottom and top review
hesperia z 2 is also thinner and more
light 70 grams less and specifically
It is 71 millimeters thick
if we talk about design it has been achieved
that the smartphone is softer
hold on hands and of course more
Easy to hold in one hand before
talk about software functions it
I forgot to say that the camera
main one has 20.7 megapixels and in the
front is 2 megapixels the
camera is capable of recording video in
4k quality among other functions
we have the call of fields that what
does is that the object that we have in
close-up appear more focused
in the background it really is not appreciated
very well the effect in this image but
good is a great novelty of the camera
from sonic
Now let's play a video in 4k
a moment that you have to look for it
we have the quality can not be appreciated
since the screen is not a
television but if we zoom it can be
appreciate all the details in this case
the figure of
sand of course can be reproduced
the image and we move from this zoom
to the area that we want
are and repeats with the reality function
increased from the camera though now
It can also be used in videos
we choose the famous one with the dinosaur and
Also new is that now
can move the set as the
palms
Here we have other applications
relating to the camera and of course
you can also access the camera with
the screen off from this button
which also allows us to take photos
under the water because once again the
xperia z 2 is resistant to water and
powder
to finish remember that the z 2
run android 4.4 kitkat and that has
16 gigabytes of internal memory
expandable through micro sd up to 64
gigabytes
on this side we have the connections for
a parking dock that can be
used to recharge it and so not
we will have to open this stage for the
USB port
this is all I hope you liked
our analysis of sony xperia
accepted and of course do not hesitate
explain and tell us what you think
this device in the comments of
down more information on android point
is